Create the test cases headers for the entire sign in / sign up flow.

1.Verify user is able to sign in with a valid Apple ID and valid password for Apple account.
2.Verify user is not able to sign in with an invalid Apple ID and valid password for Apple account.
3.Verify user is not able to sign in with a valid Apple ID and invalid password for Apple account.
4.Verify user is not able to sign in with an invalid Apple ID and invalid password for Apple account.

1.Verify user is able to sign in with a valid username and valid password for Google account.
2.Verify user is not able to sign in with a valid username and invalid password for Google account.
3.Verify user is not able to sign in with an invalid username and valid password for Google account.
4.Verify user is not able to sign in with an invalid username and invalid password for Google account.

1.Verify user is able to sign in with a valid username and valid password for Facebook account.
2.Verify user is not able to sign in with a valid username and invalid password for Facebook account.
3.Verify user is not able to sign in with an invalid username and valid password for Facebook account.
4.Verify user is not able to sign in with an invalid username and invalid password for Facebook account.

1.Verify user is able to sign up with a valid username and valid password for email account.
2.Verify user is not able to sign up with an invalid username and valid password for email account.
3.Verify user is not able to sign up with a valid username and invalid password for email account.
4.Verify user is not able to sign up with an invalid username and invalid password for email account.

1.Verify user is able to sign in with a valid username and valid password for email account.
2.Verify user is not able to sign in with an invalid username and valid password for email account.
3.Verify user is not able to sign in with a valid username and invalid password for email account.
4.Verify user is not able to sign in with an invalid username and invalid password for email account.

1.Verify error-message is displayed when an invalid username or password is entered
2.Verify error-message is displayed when an empty username or password is entered
3.Verify error-message is displayed when a password doesn't meet password restrictions.
4.Verify password is displayed as bullet signs.

